# Traffic Data Sources

### Kubernetes

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Kubernetes Daemonset</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto in Kubernetes and collect traffic through a daemonset on your Kubernetes configuration.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>OpenShift</strong></td><td>OpenShift should be used as a traffic connector if you are deploying and managing containerized applications using OpenShift.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>eBPF</strong></td><td>Akto-eBPF setup is recommended for mTLS systems when TLS termination happens at a proxy.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>eBPF on mTLS</strong></td><td>Akto-eBPF-mTLS setup is recommended for mTLS systems where TLS termination occurs at the application.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### API Gateways

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Apigee</strong></td><td>Apigee setup is recommended if you are using Google's Apigee API Management platform to design, secure, and scale your APIs.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Azure API Gateway</strong></td><td>Azure API Gateway setup is recommended if you are using Azure's API Management service to manage, secure, and analyze your APIs.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Cloudflare</strong></td><td>You should use Cloudflare as a traffic connector if you are leveraging Cloudflare's CDN and security features to manage and optimize your API traffic.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>F5</strong></td><td>F5 setup is recommended if you are using F5's BIG-IP as an API gateway or load balancer to manage and control your API traffic.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Kong Mesh</strong></td><td>Use this set-up if you are utilizing Kong's service mesh capabilities to manage and secure your microservices and APIs.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Layer 7</strong></td><td>Layer7 is recommended if you are using CA Technologies' Layer7 API Management for securing and managing your APIs.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>3Scale</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended if your APIs are managed by 3scale.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>NGINX</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended if your APIs are routed by NGINX.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>HA Proxy</strong></td><td>HA Proxy should be used as a traffic connector if you are leveraging HA Proxy for load balancing, high availability, and proxying HTTP and TCP-based applications.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Envoy</strong></td><td>Akto-Envoy setup is recommended if your APIs are routed by Envoy.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Istio</strong></td><td>Akto-Istio setup is recommended if your APIs are routed by Istio.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Kong</strong></td><td>Kong Gateway is an open source API gateway, built for multi-cloud and hybrid, and optimized for microservices and distributed architectures.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>IBM API Connect</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended if your APIs are managed by IBM API Connect</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Citrix</strong></td><td>Citrix setup is recommended if you are using ADC (NetScaler) to manage, secure, and optimize your API traffic.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Azure App Services</strong></td><td>Azure App Services setup is recommended if you are using Microsoft's web app service with sidecar containers to collect and analyze your API traffic.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>MuleSoft</strong></td><td>Mulesoft setup is recommended if you are using API management and ESB capabilities to manage, secure, and analyze your APIs.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Mirroring

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>AWS Mirroring</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto in AWS and collect traffic through traffic mirroring.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>GCP Mirroring</strong></td><td>This setup only takes ten minutes. Once you connect GCP, Akto will process GCP traffic to create an API Inventory in real time.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>



### AWS Services

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>AWS API Gateway</strong></td><td>Akto-AWS-API-Gateway setup is recommended if you are using AWS API Gateway.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>AWS EKS</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto in AWS and collect traffic through a daemonset on your AWS EKS configuration.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>AWS Fargate</strong></td><td>AWS Fargate allows you to use Amazon ECS to run containers without having to manage servers or clusters of Amazon EC2 instances.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>AWS Beanstalk</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto in AWS and collect traffic through mirroring on your AWS Beanstalk setup.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>AWS ECS</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto in AWS and collect traffic through containers on your AWS ECS cluster.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Manual

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Burp Suite</strong></td><td>You can deploy Akto on your machine and download Akto's Burp extension to collect API traffic.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Postman</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended if you have updated API collections maintained in Postman.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Har File Upload</strong></td><td>For a very quick view of your inventory, you can upload a HAR file that contains traffic to Akto.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>OpenAPI</strong></td><td>Upload Open API/Swagger specification file to Akto to create an API inventory.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Akto SDK

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Go</strong></td><td>Use where Go-based services are deployed.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Java</strong></td><td>You can use Akto's Java agent to capture API traffic directly from your Java applications.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>NodeJS</strong></td><td>This setup is ideal for environments where NodeJS-based services are deployed, ensuring seamless integration and real-time traffic monitoring.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Python</strong></td><td>Use where Python-based services are deployed.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Virtual Machines

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Docker</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended only if other setups for AWS or GCP don't work.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>TCP Agent</strong></td><td>This setup is recommended only if other setups for AWS or GCP do not work.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Source Code

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>API inventory from source code</strong></td><td>Create API inventory from your source code using our code analysis tool.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>GitHub</strong></td><td>We recommend setting up GitHub if you want to connect and retrieve APIs directly from your source code hosted on GitHub.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>GitLab</strong></td><td>We recommend setting up GitLab if you want to connect and retrieve APIs directly from your source code hosted on GitLab.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Bitbucket</strong></td><td>We recommend setting up Bitbucket if you want to connect and retrieve APIs directly from your source code hosted on Bitbucket.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

